Powershell Tools.md, before:

# PowerShell Tools and Utilities


| Name/Description                                   | Portable | Support Version | Official/Download page    | Release Date | Developer     | Free version | Price |
|----------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------|---------------------------|--------------|:--------------|--------------|------:|
| [ConEmu](#conemu)                                  | Yes      | > 2             | [ConEmu]                  | 2016-09-05   | ConEmu        | Yes          | No    |
| [ISE](#ise)                                        | No       | > 1             | [ISE]                     | 2015-10-30   | Microsoft     | Yes          | No    |
| [ISESteroids](#isesteroids)                        | No       | > 2             | [ISESteroids]             | 2016-09-06   | PowerTheShell | No           |   €99 |
| [PowerShell Plus](#plus)                           | No       | > 2             | [PowerShell Plus]         | 2016-03-12   | Idera         | Yes          | No    |
| [PowerGui](#powergui)                              | No       | > 2             | [PowerGui]                | 2014-04-07   | ConEmu        | Yes          | No    |
| [PowerShell Studio](#studio)                       | No       | > 2             | [PowerShell Studio]       | 2016-03-12   | SAPIEN        | Yes          |  $389 |
| [PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio 2015](#vs2015) | No       | > 3             | [Tools for Visual Studio] | 2016-07-15   | Adam Driscoll | Yes          | No    |
| [Idera Uptime](#idera-uptime)                      | No       | > 2             | [Idera Uptime]            | 2017-01-10   | Idera         | No           | ?     |

## ConEmu <a id="conemu"></a>
Download page: [ConEmu]<br/>
Release date: 2016-07-13<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: ConEmu<br/>
Free version: Yes<br/>
Price: No

ConEmu-Maximus5 is a Windows console emulator with tabs, which represents multiple consoles and simple GUI applications as one customizable
GUI window with various features.


## ISE <a id="ise"></a>
Download page: [ISE]<br/>
Release date: 2015-10-30<br/>
Support Version: > 1<br/>
Developer: ConEmu<br/>
Free version: Yes<br/>
Price: No

The Windows PowerShell Integrated Scripting Environment (ISE) is one of two hosts for the Windows PowerShell engine and language.
With it you can write, run, and test scripts in ways that are not available in the Windows PowerShell Console.
The ISE adds syntax-coloring, tab completion, IntelliSense, visual debugging, and context sensitive Help.


## ISESteroids <a id="isesteroids"></a>
Download page: [ISESteroids]<br/>
Release date: 2016-09-06<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: PowerTheShell<br/>
Free version: No<br/>
Price: €99

ISESteroids is a PowerShell module designed to specifically extend the built-in ISE PowerShell editor.
ISESteroids adds virtually hundreds of sophisticated, efficient and slick features to the ISE editor,
and leaves plenty of room for you to customize, configure, and "make it yours".


## PowerShell Plus <a id="plus"></a>
Download page: [PowerShell Plus]<br/>
Release date: 2016-07-13<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: Idera<br/>
Free version: Yes<br/>
Price: No

 - Learn PowerShell quickly from the interactive learning center
 - Execute PowerShell fast and accurately using the powerful IDE
 - Access hundreds of pre-loaded scripts from the QuickClick Library
 - Use the script editor to code & debug PowerShell faster


## PowerShell Studio <a id="powershell-studio"></a>
Download page: [PowerShell Studio]<br/>
Release date: 2016-07-13<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: SAPIEN<br/>
Free version: No<br/>
Price: $389

 - Fully-featured Windows PowerShell editor.
 - Visually create PowerShell GUI tools.
 - Convert scripts into executable (.exe) files.
 - Create MSI installers.
 - Create modules from your existing functions or help files.
 - Create advanced functions using the Function Builder.
 - Script with cmdlets from a remote machine.
 - Source control integration.


## PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio 2015 <a id="vs2015"></a>
Download page: [PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio 2015]<br/>
Release date: 2016-07-15<br/>
Support Version: > 3<br/>
Developer: Adam Driscoll<br/>
Free version: Yes<br/>
Price: No

PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio brings the richness of the Visual Studio development experience together with the power of PowerShell.
Using this extension you can:
 - Edit, run and debug PowerShell scripts locally and remotely using the Visual Studio debugger
 - Create projects for PowerShell scripts and modules
 - Leverage Visual Studio’s locals, watch, call stack for your scripts and modules
 - Use the PowerShell interactive REPL window to execute PowerShell scripts and command right from Visual Studio
 - Automated Testing support using Pester 


## Idera Uptime <a id="idera-uptime"></a>
Download page: [Idera Uptime]<br/>
Release date: 2016-01-10<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: Idera<br/>
Free version: No<br/>
Price: ?

Flexible Automation and Monitoring for PowerShell
 - Automatically react to problems detected by
 - service monitors that run scripts
 - Alert, escalate, and recover by executing scripts
 - Connect existing scripts to monitoring environment
 - to automate their execution
 - Avoid writing certain scripts in flexible yet simple
 - monitoring environment


[ConEmu]:https://conemu.github.io/
[ISE]:https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/getting-started/fundamental/windows-powershell-integrated-scripting-environment--ise-
[ISESteroids]:http://www.powertheshell.com/isesteroids2-2/
[PowerShell Plus]:https://www.idera.com/productssolutions/freetools/powershellplus
[PowerGui]:http://en.community.dell.com/techcenter/powergui/
[PowerShell Studio]:https://www.sapien.com/software/powershell_studio
[Tools for Visual Studio]:https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/c9eb3ba8-0c59-4944-9a62-6eee37294597
[Idera Uptime]:https://www.idera.com/lp/uim/boost-powershell-with-powerful-it-monitoring

Commit message:

Add Visualstudio Code and update License

Powershell Tools.md, after:

# PowerShell Tools and Utilities

To Do:
 - [ ] [AWS Tools for Windows PowerShell](https://aws.amazon.com/powershell/)
 - [ ] [VMware PowerCLI](https://www.vmware.com/support/developer/PowerCLI/)
 - [ ] [Windows PowerShell ISE Add-On Tools](http://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/2969.windows-powershell-ise-add-on-tools.aspx)

| Name/Description                                   | Portable | Support Version | Official/Download page    | Release Date | Developer     | Free version | Price |
|----------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------|---------------------------|--------------|:--------------|--------------|------:|
| [ConEmu](#conemu)                                  | Yes      | > 2             | [ConEmu]                  | 2016-09-05   | ConEmu        | Yes          | No    |
| [ISE](#ise)                                        | No       | > 1             | [ISE]                     | 2015-10-30   | Microsoft     | Yes          | No    |
| [Visualstudio Code](#visualstudio-code)            | No       | > 2             | [Visualstudio Code]       | 2017-02-02   | Microsoft     | Open Source  | No    |
| [ISESteroids](#isesteroids)                        | No       | > 2             | [ISESteroids]             | 2016-09-06   | PowerTheShell | No           |   €99 |
| [PowerShell Plus](#plus)                           | No       | > 2             | [PowerShell Plus]         | 2016-03-12   | Idera         | Yes          | No    |
| [PowerShell Studio](#studio)                       | No       | > 2             | [PowerShell Studio]       | 2016-03-12   | SAPIEN        | Yes          |  $389 |
| [PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio 2015](#vs2015) | No       | > 3             | [Tools for Visual Studio] | 2016-07-15   | Adam Driscoll | Yes          | No    |
| [Idera Uptime](#idera-uptime)                      | No       | > 2             | [Idera Uptime]            | 2017-01-10   | Idera         | No           | ?     |

## ConEmu <a id="conemu"></a>
Download page: [ConEmu]<br/>
Release date: 2016-07-13<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: ConEmu<br/>
Free version: Yes<br/>
Price: No

ConEmu-Maximus5 is a Windows console emulator with tabs, which represents multiple consoles and simple GUI applications as one customizable
GUI window with various features.


## ISE <a id="ise"></a>
Download page: [ISE]<br/>
Release date: 2015-10-30<br/>
Support Version: > 1<br/>
Developer: Microsoft<br/>
Free version: Yes<br/>
Price: No

The Windows PowerShell Integrated Scripting Environment (ISE) is one of two hosts for the Windows PowerShell engine and language.
With it you can write, run, and test scripts in ways that are not available in the Windows PowerShell Console.
The ISE adds syntax-coloring, tab completion, IntelliSense, visual debugging, and context sensitive Help.


## Visualstudio Code <a id="visualstudio-code"></a>
Download page: [Visualstudio Code]<br/>
Release date: 2017-02-02<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: Microsoft<br/>
Free version: Yes<br/>
Price: No

Visual Studio Code is a lightweight but powerful source code editor which runs on your desktop and is available for Windows, Mac and Linux.
It comes with built-in support for JavaScript, TypeScript and Node.js and has a rich ecosystem of extensions for other languages (such as C++, C#, Python, PHP, Go) and runtimes.


## ISESteroids <a id="isesteroids"></a>
Download page: [ISESteroids]<br/>
Release date: 2016-09-06<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: PowerTheShell<br/>
Free version: No<br/>
Price: €99

ISESteroids is a PowerShell module designed to specifically extend the built-in ISE PowerShell editor.
ISESteroids adds virtually hundreds of sophisticated, efficient and slick features to the ISE editor,
and leaves plenty of room for you to customize, configure, and "make it yours".


## PowerShell Plus <a id="plus"></a>
Download page: [PowerShell Plus]<br/>
Release date: 2016-07-13<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: Idera<br/>
Free version: Yes<br/>
Price: No

 - Learn PowerShell quickly from the interactive learning center
 - Execute PowerShell fast and accurately using the powerful IDE
 - Access hundreds of pre-loaded scripts from the QuickClick Library
 - Use the script editor to code & debug PowerShell faster


## PowerShell Studio <a id="powershell-studio"></a>
Download page: [PowerShell Studio]<br/>
Release date: 2016-07-13<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: SAPIEN<br/>
Free version: No<br/>
Price: $389

 - Fully-featured Windows PowerShell editor.
 - Visually create PowerShell GUI tools.
 - Convert scripts into executable (.exe) files.
 - Create MSI installers.
 - Create modules from your existing functions or help files.
 - Create advanced functions using the Function Builder.
 - Script with cmdlets from a remote machine.
 - Source control integration.


## PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio 2015 <a id="vs2015"></a>
Download page: [PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio 2015]<br/>
Release date: 2016-07-15<br/>
Support Version: > 3<br/>
Developer: Adam Driscoll<br/>
Free version: Yes<br/>
Price: No

PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio brings the richness of the Visual Studio development experience together with the power of PowerShell.
Using this extension you can:
 - Edit, run and debug PowerShell scripts locally and remotely using the Visual Studio debugger
 - Create projects for PowerShell scripts and modules
 - Leverage Visual Studio’s locals, watch, call stack for your scripts and modules
 - Use the PowerShell interactive REPL window to execute PowerShell scripts and command right from Visual Studio
 - Automated Testing support using Pester 


## Idera Uptime <a id="idera-uptime"></a>
Download page: [Idera Uptime]<br/>
Release date: 2016-01-10<br/>
Support Version: > 2<br/>
Developer: Idera<br/>
Free version: No<br/>
Price: ?

Flexible Automation and Monitoring for PowerShell
 - Automatically react to problems detected by
 - service monitors that run scripts
 - Alert, escalate, and recover by executing scripts
 - Connect existing scripts to monitoring environment
 - to automate their execution
 - Avoid writing certain scripts in flexible yet simple
 - monitoring environment


[ConEmu]:https://conemu.github.io/
[ISE]:https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/getting-started/fundamental/windows-powershell-integrated-scripting-environment--ise-
[Visualstudio Code]:https://code.visualstudio.com/
[ISESteroids]:http://www.powertheshell.com/isesteroids2-2/
[PowerShell Plus]:https://www.idera.com/productssolutions/freetools/powershellplus
[PowerShell Studio]:https://www.sapien.com/software/powershell_studio
[Tools for Visual Studio]:https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/c9eb3ba8-0c59-4944-9a62-6eee37294597
[Idera Uptime]:https://www.idera.com/lp/uim/boost-powershell-with-powerful-it-monitoring
