README.md, before:

# PowerShell KIT
[![licence badge]][licence]
[![stars badge]][stars]
[![forks badge]][forks]
[![issues badge]][issues]

Useful links, scripts, tools and best practice for PowerShell


Headers
 - [Repo Folders and Fles](#repo-folders-and-files)
 - [PowerShell Web Resources](PowerShell-web-resources)
 - [PowerShell and SQL Server](powershell-and-sql-server)

## Repo Folders and Files
 - [PowerShell Tools](/PowerShell Tools.md)
 - [Articles](/Articles)
 - [Scripts](/Scripts)


## PowerShell Web Resources
 - Blogs
   - [SS64.com PowerShell](www.ss64.com/ps/)
   - [Adminarsenal.com PowerShell](http://www.adminarsenal.com/admin-arsenal-blog/category/powershell/)
   - [PowerShell.org Articles](https://powershell.org/articles/)
   - [Simple Talk PowerShell](https://www.simple-talk.com/sysadmin/powershell/)
   - [SQLServerCentral.com PowerShell](http://www.sqlservercentral.com/Tags/powershell/)
   - [Hey, Scripting Guy! Blog](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/heyscriptingguy/)
   - [Microsoft Script Center](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/scriptcenter)
 - Open Source Libraries and Cmdlets
   - [excelpslib - Excel PowerShell Library](http://excelpslib.codeplex.com/) (Codeplex)
   - [Invoke-Parallel - a function that take in a script or scriptblock, and run it against specified objects(s) in parallel](https://github.com/RamblingCookieMonster/Invoke-Parallel) (Github)
   - [PSExcel - a rudimentary PowerShell module for working with Excel via the EPPlus library, with no dependencies on Excel itself](https://github.com/RamblingCookieMonster/PSExcel) (Github)
   - [ISEScriptingGeek - ISE Add-ons](https://github.com/jdhitsolutions/ISEScriptingGeek) (Github)
   - [MemoryTools -  a set of PowerShell functions for reporting on computer memory utilization and configuration](https://github.com/jdhitsolutions/MemoryTools) (Github)
   - [MyUptime - PowerShell module to get uptime, timezone and local time information](https://github.com/jdhitsolutions/MyUptime) (Github)
   - [Rob Sewell PowerShell Functions](https://github.com/SQLDBAWithABeard/Functions) (Github)
   - [Adam Bertram PowerShell Scripts](https://github.com/adbertram/Random-PowerShell-Work) (Github)
   - [PoshRSJob - an alternative to PSjobs with greater performance and less overhead to run commands in the background](https://github.com/proxb/PoshRSJob) (Github)
   - [PSParallel - PowerShell module to invoke scriptblocks in parallel runspaces](https://github.com/powercode/PSParallel) (Github)
 - Free Videos
   - [Jeff Hicks YouTube Channel](http://www.youtube.com/user/jdhitsolutions/videos)
   - [Don Jones YouTube Channel](http://www.youtube.com/user/powershelldon)
 - Courses
   - [Pluralsight PowerShell Courses](https://www.pluralsight.com/search?q=powershell&categories=all) Paid
   


## PowerShell and SQL Server
 - [SQL Server & Windows Documentation Using Windows PowerShell](https://sqlpowerdoc.codeplex.com/) (by Kendal Vandyke)
 - [TSQL Code Smells Finder](https://tsqlsmells.codeplex.com/) (by Dave Ballantyne)
 - [Stairway to SQL PowerShell](http://www.sqlservercentral.com/stairway/91327/) (by Ben Miller)
 - [SQL Server Health Check Script with Powershell](http://www.codeproject.com/Tips/848661/SQL-Server-Health-Check-Script-with-Powershell) (by Atul Kapoor)
 - [Universal SQL Server Installation Scripts](https://github.com/ktaranov/Universal-SQL-Installation-Scripts) (by Prakash Heda)  (Github)
 - [Powershell SQL Server Performance Health Check ](https://github.com/SpeedySQL/HealthCheck) (by Omid Afzalalghom) (Github)
 - [Performance Analysis of Logs (PAL) Tool](http://pal.codeplex.com/) (by svenhau and mikelag)
 - [PSCI - Powershell Continuous Integration](https://github.com/ObjectivityBSS/PSCI) (by Objectivity Bespoke Software Specialists) (Github)
 - [SQLTranscriptase - SQL Server Documentation in Powershell](https://github.com/vijaybandi/SQLTranscriptase) (by Vijay Bandi) (Github)
 - [SQL Server PowerShell Extensions (SQLPSX)](https://github.com/MikeShepard/SQLPSX) (by Mike Shepard) (Github)
 - [PowerShell dbatools for SQL Server](https://github.com/ctrlbold/dbatools) (by Chrissy LeMaire) (Github)
 - [Create a Monitoring Server for SQL Server with PowerShell](https://www.simple-talk.com/sql/database-administration/create-a-monitoring-server-for-sql-server-with-powershell/) (by Laerte Junior)
 - [PowerShell SQLPass articles and video](http://powershell.sqlpass.org/default.aspx)
 - [PowerShell Blog NetNerds](https://blog.netnerds.net/)
 - [QS Config](http://www.sqlhammer.com/qs-config/) (by Derik Hammer)
 - [Idera 89 Free SQL Server PowerShell Scripts](https://www.idera.com/productssolutions/freetools/sqlpowershellscripts)
 - [Performance Analysis of Logs (PAL) Tool](https://pal.codeplex.com/) (by Clint Huffman)
 - [Powershell SQL Server Library (PSSQLLib)](https://github.com/sanderstad/PSSQLLib) (by Sander Stad) (Github)
 - [Trello Board: Powershell and SQL Client Tools](https://trello.com/b/NEerYXUU/powershell-sql-client-tools-sqlps-ssms)
 - [PowerUpSQL: A PowerShell Toolkit for Attacking SQL Server](https://github.com/NetSPI/PowerUpSQL) (Github)
 - [PowerShell DBA Reports](https://github.com/SQLDBAWithABeard/dbareports) (Github)


## License
[MIT](/LICENSE.md)

If some procedures or scripts are restricted due to **ELUA** (or we can not find original author), please email or add issue - we remove/update it immediately.
Thanks for understanding and patience.


[licence badge]:https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[stars badge]:https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit.svg
[forks badge]:https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit.svg
[issues badge]:https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit.svg

[licence]:https://github.com/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit/blob/master/LICENSE.md
[stars]:https://github.com/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit/stargazers
[forks]:https://github.com/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit/network
[issues]:https://github.com/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit/issues

Commit message:

Add awesome script templates by Luca Sturlese

README.md, after:

# PowerShell KIT
[![licence badge]][licence]
[![stars badge]][stars]
[![forks badge]][forks]
[![issues badge]][issues]

Useful links, scripts, tools and best practice for PowerShell


Headers
 - [Repo Folders and Fles](#repo-folders-and-files)
 - [PowerShell Web Resources](PowerShell-web-resources)
 - [PowerShell and SQL Server](powershell-and-sql-server)

## Repo Folders and Files
 - [PowerShell Tools](/PowerShell Tools.md)
 - [Articles](/Articles)
 - [Scripts](/Scripts)


## PowerShell Web Resources
 - Blogs
   - [SS64.com PowerShell](www.ss64.com/ps/)
   - [Adminarsenal.com PowerShell](http://www.adminarsenal.com/admin-arsenal-blog/category/powershell/)
   - [PowerShell.org Articles](https://powershell.org/articles/)
   - [Simple Talk PowerShell](https://www.simple-talk.com/sysadmin/powershell/)
   - [SQLServerCentral.com PowerShell](http://www.sqlservercentral.com/Tags/powershell/)
   - [Hey, Scripting Guy! Blog](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/heyscriptingguy/)
   - [Microsoft Script Center](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/scriptcenter)
 - Open Source Libraries and Cmdlets
   - [excelpslib - Excel PowerShell Library](http://excelpslib.codeplex.com/) (Codeplex)
   - [Invoke-Parallel - a function that take in a script or scriptblock, and run it against specified objects(s) in parallel](https://github.com/RamblingCookieMonster/Invoke-Parallel) (Github)
   - [PSExcel - a rudimentary PowerShell module for working with Excel via the EPPlus library, with no dependencies on Excel itself](https://github.com/RamblingCookieMonster/PSExcel) (Github)
   - [ISEScriptingGeek - ISE Add-ons](https://github.com/jdhitsolutions/ISEScriptingGeek) (Github)
   - [MemoryTools -  a set of PowerShell functions for reporting on computer memory utilization and configuration](https://github.com/jdhitsolutions/MemoryTools) (Github)
   - [MyUptime - PowerShell module to get uptime, timezone and local time information](https://github.com/jdhitsolutions/MyUptime) (Github)
   - [Rob Sewell PowerShell Functions](https://github.com/SQLDBAWithABeard/Functions) (Github)
   - [Adam Bertram PowerShell Scripts](https://github.com/adbertram/Random-PowerShell-Work) (Github)
   - [PoshRSJob - an alternative to PSjobs with greater performance and less overhead to run commands in the background](https://github.com/proxb/PoshRSJob) (Github)
   - [PSParallel - PowerShell module to invoke scriptblocks in parallel runspaces](https://github.com/powercode/PSParallel) (Github)
   - [PSLogging - Easily create and manage logging of events for all of your PowerShell scripts](https://github.com/9to5IT/PSLogging) (Github) (by Luca Sturlese)
 - Free Videos
   - [Jeff Hicks YouTube Channel](http://www.youtube.com/user/jdhitsolutions/videos)
   - [Don Jones YouTube Channel](http://www.youtube.com/user/powershelldon)
 - Courses
   - [Pluralsight PowerShell Courses](https://www.pluralsight.com/search?q=powershell&categories=all) Paid
   


## PowerShell and SQL Server
 - [SQL Server & Windows Documentation Using Windows PowerShell](https://sqlpowerdoc.codeplex.com/) (by Kendal Vandyke)
 - [TSQL Code Smells Finder](https://tsqlsmells.codeplex.com/) (by Dave Ballantyne)
 - [Stairway to SQL PowerShell](http://www.sqlservercentral.com/stairway/91327/) (by Ben Miller)
 - [SQL Server Health Check Script with Powershell](http://www.codeproject.com/Tips/848661/SQL-Server-Health-Check-Script-with-Powershell) (by Atul Kapoor)
 - [Universal SQL Server Installation Scripts](https://github.com/ktaranov/Universal-SQL-Installation-Scripts) (by Prakash Heda)  (Github)
 - [Powershell SQL Server Performance Health Check ](https://github.com/SpeedySQL/HealthCheck) (by Omid Afzalalghom) (Github)
 - [Performance Analysis of Logs (PAL) Tool](http://pal.codeplex.com/) (by svenhau and mikelag)
 - [PSCI - Powershell Continuous Integration](https://github.com/ObjectivityBSS/PSCI) (by Objectivity Bespoke Software Specialists) (Github)
 - [SQLTranscriptase - SQL Server Documentation in Powershell](https://github.com/vijaybandi/SQLTranscriptase) (by Vijay Bandi) (Github)
 - [SQL Server PowerShell Extensions (SQLPSX)](https://github.com/MikeShepard/SQLPSX) (by Mike Shepard) (Github)
 - [PowerShell dbatools for SQL Server](https://github.com/ctrlbold/dbatools) (by Chrissy LeMaire) (Github)
 - [Create a Monitoring Server for SQL Server with PowerShell](https://www.simple-talk.com/sql/database-administration/create-a-monitoring-server-for-sql-server-with-powershell/) (by Laerte Junior)
 - [PowerShell SQLPass articles and video](http://powershell.sqlpass.org/default.aspx)
 - [PowerShell Blog NetNerds](https://blog.netnerds.net/)
 - [QS Config](http://www.sqlhammer.com/qs-config/) (by Derik Hammer)
 - [Idera 89 Free SQL Server PowerShell Scripts](https://www.idera.com/productssolutions/freetools/sqlpowershellscripts)
 - [Performance Analysis of Logs (PAL) Tool](https://pal.codeplex.com/) (by Clint Huffman)
 - [Powershell SQL Server Library (PSSQLLib)](https://github.com/sanderstad/PSSQLLib) (by Sander Stad) (Github)
 - [Trello Board: Powershell and SQL Client Tools](https://trello.com/b/NEerYXUU/powershell-sql-client-tools-sqlps-ssms)
 - [PowerUpSQL: A PowerShell Toolkit for Attacking SQL Server](https://github.com/NetSPI/PowerUpSQL) (Github)
 - [PowerShell DBA Reports](https://github.com/SQLDBAWithABeard/dbareports) (Github)


## License
[MIT](/LICENSE.md)

If some procedures or scripts are restricted due to **ELUA** (or we can not find original author), please email or add issue - we remove/update it immediately.
Thanks for understanding and patience.


[licence badge]:https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[stars badge]:https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit.svg
[forks badge]:https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit.svg
[issues badge]:https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit.svg

[licence]:https://github.com/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit/blob/master/LICENSE.md
[stars]:https://github.com/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit/stargazers
[forks]:https://github.com/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit/network
[issues]:https://github.com/ktaranov/PowerShell-kit/issues
